This is the english explaination of the work that is pushed.

Edit 6/26/2022:
[1] Finally had time and energy to rearrange the website. I decided I didnt want to require the reel (Second gray block | below the title block).
Cleaned up the Site and made it look a little presentable. Hoever, in terms of functionality, it could use a lot of work. My next goal is to 
try and resolve the problem of allowing me to have long text content and having the other divs move accordingly and not shoot across the screen unnecessarily.
The Github has a MIT License, but I just added the Copyright thing for myself.
	I am not too sure how licenses work and I am assuming they dont conflict wiht eachother. Just to be clear, the template on GITHUB will use the
	MIT License and free to use and edit. The website that I will finalize as my personal portfolio will have a seperate license (Due to having 
	personal info/projects. Again, I will look more into licenses and label everythign accordingly.
For now this is the end of my work log. 



Edit 6/20/2022:
[4] I just finished the illustration of the new SiteLayout.png and I am in love with the
cleanliness of the site so far. I will create a branch and create just teh DIVs by tonight

[3] Recreated teh SiteIdea.png with a more sophistiacted layout. After some research, I will be
utilizing the Thirds rule for when it comes to photography. I am doing this in hopes to make a much 
cleaner and presentable. There was something that I dislike with the old design and realized
that it was the fact that it was just not natural and being to "abstract" could detour viewers.
I uploaded the "UPDATEDSiteIdea.png" I will follow with a "SiteLayout.png" to illustrate
to myself how many nested divs I will have to be using.

[2] I am not enjoying the "fuzz" on the edges of teh body's background. I will be removing and keeping the img as a cover. 

[1] Naming conventions on the HTML and CSS files are not absolute and will change 
upon the final debugging process. The names are simply for myself at the moment. 
Thank you for understanding on the rough file, it will become user friendly as 
I am still working on good work practices. This is a lesson I have learned already;
good naming conventions at the beginning help with troubleshooting later on.